Fuse on SpringBoot note (#143)
mramendi/kie-docs: doc-content/enterprise-only/fuse/fuse-con.adoc

[IMPORTANT]
====
For the version of {FUSE_LONG} that {PRODUCT} {ENTERPRISE_VERSION} supports, see
ifdef::PAM[]
https://access.redhat.com/articles/3405381[{PRODUCT} 7 Supported Configurations].
endif::[]
ifdef::DM[]
https://access.redhat.com/articles/3354301[{PRODUCT} 7 Supported Configurations].
endif::[]
====

[NOTE]
====

> You can also install {FUSE_LONG} on SpringBoot. {PRODUCT} provides no special integration for this scenario. However, your application that runs on {FUSE_LONG} on SpringBoot can use the `kie-server-client` library to communicate with {PRODUCT} services that run on a {KIE_SERVER}. The following limitations apply, because of library version conflicts between {FUSE_LONG} and {PRODUCT}:

Reviewer: [style] Correct "SpringBoot" to "Spring Boot", remove "also", and maybe rephrase to simplify. For example:

You can install {FUSE_LONG} on Spring Boot. You can use the `kie-server-client` library to enable communication between applications running on {FUSE_LONG} on {PRODUCT} with {PRODUCT} services running on {KIE_SERVER}. There are `kie-server-client` library version conflicts between {FUSE_LONG} and {PRODUCT} that cause the following limitations:

Author: I do believe that the "no special integration" part is important.

> * You cannot use `MarshallingFormat.JSON`, because of incompatible versions of Jackson.

Reviewer: [style] Maybe avoid "You cannot use" and rephrase as per prerequisites statements?  Is it mismatched versions or incompatible version ranges? Is this a temporary version mismatch?
````
s/* You cannot use `MarshallingFormat.JSON`, because of incompatible versions of Jackson./* *Jackson version mismatch:* `MarshallingFormat.JSON` cannot be used.
````

Author: I do not think introducing the passive voice is better. (I did apply the other suggestions)

> * You cannot use the JSON marshalling format, because of incompatible versions of Jackson.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* You cannot use `MarshallingFormat.JSON`, because of incompatible versions of Jackson.
```
I think this is better because Fuse users can still use JSON for other purposes outside of `kie-server-client`. `MarshallingFormat.JSON` is clear so they can understand that simply they cannot use `MarshallingFormat.JSON` configuration of `kie-server-client`.

> * You cannot use JMS messaging, because of incompatible versions of ActiveMQ.

Reviewer: [style] Maybe avoid "You cannot use" and rephrase as per prerequisites statements?  Is it mismatched versions or incompatible version ranges? Is this a temporary version mismatch?
````
s/* You cannot use JMS messaging, because of incompatible versions of ActiveMQ./* *ActiveMQ version mismatch*: JMS messaging cannot be used.
````
